doc: matter: Added memory profiling guide. (#16683)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_SUBSCRIPTION_RESUMPTION_MIN_RETRY_INTERVAL`
    * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_SUBSCRIPTION_RESUMPTION_RETRY_MULTIPLIER`

>   * The :ref:`ug_matter_device_memory_profiling` guide to describe useful commands for measuring memory and troubleshooting tips.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The :ref:`ug_matter_device_memory_profiling` section to the :ref:`ug_matter_device_optimizing_memory` page.
    The section contains useful commands for measuring memory and troubleshooting tips.
```
